Update how to navigate to custom field names (#4107)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/hubspot/index.md

HubSpot does not accept any trait keys that contain upper case letters or spaces. Segment converts any custom traits you send to lower case, and replaces spaces with an underscore.

> HubSpot removes from the request any traits that aren't contact fields in HubSpot. To find out which fields you can set, check out the custom field names in **Settings > Data Management > Objects > Contacts > Manage contact properties**. Example field names are `firstname`, `lastname`, `company`, and `phone`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HubSpot removes from the request any traits that aren't contact fields in HubSpot. To find out which fields you can set, navigate to **Settings > Data Management > Objects > Contacts** and select **Manage contact properties** under the **Setup** tab. Example field names are `firstname`, `lastname`, `company`, and `phone`.
```
